Coco likes it.
We agreed that on the eve of the Night of First Heart, what happened to Aman Jinguang Street and I was never seen again in Lu Sheng Xue Xue Palace that night.
But the number of people is five days, and the number of people is his father. You said to kill his father quickly.
I dont know what he will do,
But I know that Lu Sheng is bloody and asked the palace,
Kill us instant challenge.
Return to uncle and fight for sure
Except the palace
elder brother
We are also anxious fugitives
Now is not the time to think about what he will do.
Have you told me before?
I want to learn some Yangwen from Miss Yu Mo
After that when I went out
Don’t embarrass the master
You also know its embarrassing
I will send a bowl of fireworks to the Honorary Lady later.
He also accepted it
This young man
Its not our turn to sit down.
I just saw Du Jun
Already gone to Rong Yiyang’s place
Xiaowei, you are so injured.
His relationship with the Sith is someone else
he is no one else